So first and foremost, we want to polish this screen a bit more.
And in order to do that, let's go ahead and let's import styled from styled components native.
And what we're going to do here is we're going to say expert const settings item we don't need to export.
Let's just say const settings item is equal to styled.
And let's take list that item, which we're going to style specifically with the padding that we require
over here, which is a padding of 16 all around, which means we're going to take the props and we're
going to say props that theme throughout space and we'll say maybe three, three sounds about right.
And by doing that now, we can replace list that item with setting that item.
Now we only want to replace the ones in the list.
So that means these two.
And that means we can also replace these two lines no longer needed because they're done over here.
Now, with that, we've cleaned up our implementation and the next thing we need to do is it'd be nice
to have an avatar to kind of show that this is the user page.
So let's import Avatar from Riak native paper.
And what we can do here is right above the list section.
I want to put an avatar icon of one hundred eighty of a human and let's give it a background color blue.
And what we can see over here is, oh, that looks great.
It's just not really centered, is it doesn't really look like it's in the right spot.
So what we're going to do is we're going to see CONSED Avatar container is equal to styled dot view.
And what we're going to see here is that the line items of this view is going to be set to center and
we're going to take that Avatar container.
We're going to wrap that around the Avatar icon.
And by doing that, we should now have centered our avatar icon.
Beautiful.
Now, one more thing we want to do is we want to grab user from here, because I would like for us to
render some text.
So let's go ahead and import text from settings, components, typography, and then we'll say tech
stock component.
And we'll do a underneath the avatar, potentially, we'll do a spacer, let's also import a spacer.
Spaces are great, so let's import spacer from spacer spacer component.
And let's do a spacer of the position equalling top and the size equaling large.
And let's do that for a typography text where we're going to be rendering out the email of the user.
So let's say text here.
Let's say variance is equal to caption.
And by doing this, what we're going to be allowing us to do is render out the user dot email.
So on the user, there should be an email profile.
And now if we open up our app oh, the emails right there.
So why isn't that rendering in the right spot?
Well, we should put that inside of the Avatar container so that it's also rendered inside of the center.
Amazing captures a bit small, so how about we use label and we can test that, we can try things out
that looks much, much better.
And now favourite's is over here, which is rendering nothing currently and the logout feature works
great.
So now we've gone through and cleaned up our settings interface and it looks much, much more professional
by doing this.
Now, it says you've passed them in line function for the favorites, which is our render null over
here in our settings navigator.
And in the next video, what we're going to do is we're going to build out our favorites screen.